= equationoftime
Under development for JRuby.

== DESCRIPTION:

Calculate Sunrise and Sunset. Has a .jar file that you may use with Java also.
Lots of examples to play with for learning about Eot.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Use GeoLatLng class to set coordinates or set them manually.
* You may run the .jar in Java

    $ java -jar lib/EoT-9_1.jar <lat> <lng> <zenith>

  where lat is your latitude in decimal

  where lng is your longitude in decimal

  where zenith is a number for the type of expected return value.
  
  90.8333 Sunrise and Sunset

  96  Civil Twilight

  102 Nautical Twilight

  108 Astronomical Twilight


== SYNOPSIS:

    $ jruby test/eot/init_spec.rb

    $ git clone git@github.com:DouglasAllen/gem-equationoftime.git

or download the ZIP then

    $ git checkout jruby-dev

    $ jirb
    > load 'examples/wikipedia_model.rb'

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2015

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
